Update Nepali and Hindi font stacks and add Telugu Bold (#2661)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/utilities/psammead-styles/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Version | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | 4.1.1 | [PR#2661](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/2661) Update Nepali, Hindi font stacks and add Telgugu Bold |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4.1.1 | [PR#2661](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/2661) Remove font 'Noto Sans Devanagari' from Hindi & Nepali font-family and add bold weight for Telugu service's fonts. |
```
